1. It was a design question. You have to design a game. it has different types of monsters and different weapons. hero would shoot monster. each monster would have some initial health. Each weapon would do some predefined damage to monster. when its health gets 0, monster would die/disappear. and there would be multiple levels. based on level, monster and their behavior would change.

2.I was asked to design an efficient data structure for two lifts in a building of n floors.
Design Elevator system. And then write an algorithm for that Design such that, the user request should be completed in logN time in a N story building with M elevators,
This round was lasted more than 2 hours.


3.Design a data structure for phone-book of mobile phones. Implement it and discuss about its benefits and limitations.

4.There are various varieties of clothes (say shirt). Varieties are based on parameters like pattern, size, colour, etc.
a. What will be your input format so that it can store all values of all parameters?
List<List<String>>. Each List<String> denotes values for a particular parameter
b. Design a class for a shirt for the same requirement.
c. You have to return all different types of shirts that can be formed based on various combinations of input parameters. (Code)
d. Assuming you have all types of shirts available. Now there are various queries like:
i. Show all types of shirt having colour “red”,
ii. Show all types of shirt having size “small” and pattern “check” etc. etc.
So how will you store I/P so that this requirement can be fulfilled efficiently?

5.Only one design question: Design a email client.

6.Design an IVR system for a Restaurant in which customers can book their tables for lunch and/or dinner. 
Advance booking for 2 or 7 days/as you wish. After the request from user, respond to him that you will confirm the request within 5 minutes. Check availability and send SMS confirming the same. If the SMS is delivered then assume that the customer is genuine. If the SMS is not delivered properly, discard the user request, as it is not genuine.
i)       How can you take names and email Ids of the customers during the process?
ii)     What can you do for repeat customers? How will you identify the repeat customers?
iii)   If there is request for a team size greater than the table size, what will you do? E.g. request for 10 persons when table sizes are 6, 4 and 2.


7.Design a Chess game.
Gave different classes and their relations, some procedures, then cross questioning and I was able to give all answers which he mentioned quite reasonable.

8.A design question of chess int board[8][8] each value in the matrix represents a character. 1-9 number represents all whites and 11-19 represents all blacks.
Given a pawn at (x,y) print all possible moves. Assume whites are index 0 and blacks are at index 7.
	
9.Design a snake and ladder game


10.Design question: Design only Train search functionality of IRCTC
 
11.Design Question: In an online teaching system,there are n number of teachers and each one teaches only one subject to any number of students.
And a student can join to any number of teachers to learn those subjects.
And each student can give one preference throuch which he can get updates about the subject or class timings etc.
Those preferences can be through SMS or twitter/facebook or email..etc.
Design above system and draw the diagram for above.

12.Design a system to implement options in Pack of cards.
 
13.Design T9 dictionary

14.Design a singleton design pattern 

15.Design N-ary tree, to make sure that lock and unlock operations can be done with minimum complexity 
(height of tree)
a node can be locked when its ancestors or successor are not locked.
we can a unlock a node a any time.
