	What is the cosine law and how do you use this in real life situations?
	Design a cellphone for a blind person.
	Design a music system for a car. What are the features? Draw a picture.
	Design a GPS navigation unit for a hiker
	Design a communication device for Canadian park rangers.
	Design a remote control for an automatic window-blind system.
	Design a TV Remote Control with Two Buttons.
	Design a coffee maker that will be used by astronauts.
	Design an alarm clock.
	Design a parachute.
	Design an alarm clock for a blind person.
	Design a search function
	Design a website for a library
	Design an ATM for children
	What method would you use to look up a word in a dictionary?
	What are examples of poorly designed software?
	Design an instant messaging system.
	I am your grandmother. Describe what MATLAB is to me.
	How would you explain what a database is to a 5-year-old?
	How would you explain computer networking to a kindergarten kid?
	What is your favorite software, and how would you improve it?
	Write code for an electronic messaging board. What happens when a user logs on?
	Develop an algorithm for selecting objects in Visio.
	Tell me about a time when you made a decision and later found out that it was incorrect. What did you do to resolve the issue?
	Suppose you are one week away from the product shipping date and discover a bug in your software. What do you do?
	You have a linked list and don't know how long it is; how do you find the middle of it?
	How would you test a keyboard?
	How would you test a pen?
	Write code for finding a duplicate in an array.
	Write code that returns the length of a string without using any built-in functions.
	Reverse a Singly Linked List with and without using Recursion.
	Determine if a binary search tree is well formed.
	Reverse every word in a String (abc def becomes cba fed).
	Write a function that returns the angle between the hour and the minute hands of a clock, given input of the time.
	Write a function that takes a string consisting of numeral characters and returns all possible alpha character strings of same length as input that correspond to the keypad of a typical telephone.
	Imagine you have a closet full of shirts. It’s very hard to find a shirt. So what can you do to organize your shirts for easy retrieval?
	How would you test an elevator?
	How would you test a vending machine?
	How would you test a program that takes in two points and outputs the distance between the two points?
	Test the Windows scroll bar.
	Switch every pair of words in a string ("ab cd ef gh" becomes "cd ab gh ef")
	Write the function for strstr function (finding a substring inside a string)
	Reverse the order of words in a string ("ab cd ef gh" becomes "gh ef cd ab")
	Write the function for string comparison. How would you test it?
	Write a function to zero all duplicate values in an integer array. How would you test it?
	Write a function that compares two strings and returns a third string containing only the letters that appear in both.
	Find cycles in a singly linked list, using minimal storage.
	Shift all elements of a circular array by k bytes, using no extra memory.
	For an array of size n, print all pairs that add to k. (then, do the same thing with a sorted array)